Undergraduate Bulletin | Penn State New Bulletin Edition: You are viewing the 2025-2026 edition of the Undergraduate Bulletin. Undergraduate students who entered the university prior to Summer 2025 should follow the requirements published in the Bulletin edition from their entry year. Past editions of the Bulletin are available in the archive . Penn State's Resource for Academic Information and Requirements Search the Bulletin Find a Course Program Or Search Everything Keyword Find Using this Bulletin The Undergraduate Bulletin is Penn State’s comprehensive source for undergraduate academic information and program requirements. Design your own, unique academic path by exploring over 600 programs and 11,000 courses offered at one of the world’s leading research institutions. Discover new opportunities as you pursue your academic passions. POPULAR LINKS Introduction Start Exploring Changes to the UG Bulletin Academic Information Understanding academic information , learning common Penn State terminology, and knowing where to find important University policies will allow you to make informed choices during your academic career. Explore options and learn about resources that may help you on your academic journey. POPULAR LINKS Undergraduate Degrees and Requirements Registration and Academic Records Advising and Planning a Degree Program General Education Connecting career and curiosity, the General Education curriculum provides the opportunity for students to acquire transferable skills to support future success and to thrive while living in a rapidly changing world. Craft your own General Education program to expand your knowledge across disciplines and create meaningful connections for a better tomorrow. POPULAR LINKS General Education Course Lists Baccalaureate Degree General Education Requirements About Penn State Click to learn more about About Penn State Admissions Click to learn more about Admissions Tuition and Financial Aid Click to learn more about Tuition and Financial Aid Print Options Send Page to Printer Print this page. Download PDF of this page The PDF will include all information unique to this page. Download Complete Bulletin PDFs Download Undergraduate Bulletin PDF Download Graduate Bulletin PDF Download Penn State Dickinson Law Bulletin PDF Download College of Medicine Bulletin PDF Cancel